hi guys so today's first impression
video it's gonna be kind of different
I'm going to be doing one on a
Beautyblender dupe I found this at
Marshall's the other day seeing them
everywhere I've seen them at t.j.maxx I
want to try the Real Techniques Beauty
Blender dupe I just haven't been able to
find it yet I know I got to go to Ulta
and look for it but I figured I would do
one on this and we all know the Beauty
Blender is a pretty well-known product
if you don't know this is what looks
like they're really well-known because
they're amazing for blending out makeup
and it just makes your whole makeup
application so much easier I mean the
way it blends the foundation out and
just it's just beautiful I absolutely
adore the Beauty Blender I've been using
it for over a year now and I haven't
done a comparison video already with the
Sonia Kashuk baby blender dupe and I'll
leave that video down below that was a
while back when I first gotten this I
think I was still blonde in that video
but I did one on that I did not like the
Sonia Kashuk one just a full warn you
but this one just looks so similar like
it's a pink sponge I mean it has a
little ring in the middle but it looks
exactly the same okay so what I'm going
to do is I'm going to take it out by the
way this one wants $5 at Marshall which
is a lot cheaper than the original
Beauty blenders this is also latex-free
and hypoallergenic they both kind of
they both look like twins look at them
twins like I said this is no times like
a little indention around it kind of
puffs out a little bit I can tell the
Beauty blenders a little bit softer um
this one's just a tad bit more dense but
not too much so I'm going to go to the
sink and run these under some water the
Beauty Blender gets a lot bigger so I'm
going to see hopefully maybe this one
will get the size of this one so I put
both of them under the water and they
both got really big I'm having high
hopes for this one it's really soft just
like the Beauty Blender very bouncy and
it they they literally feel pretty much
the same now on to see if it does the
job I'm going to use it with my Estee
Lauder Double Wear foundation so we're
going to see if it blends it out the
same way the Beauty Blender does I've
used my Beauty Blender like I said
over a year now so I pretty much know
how it applies and we'll see if this one
can live up to it so and if it can
that's really good because it's
basically saving 15 20 even 30 dollars
on the original I'm going to take the
end put some into the foundation drive
it on my face I'm really liking it it
blended out the foundation so easily
this is doing a great job like I mean I
think it's awesome you guys
seriously I say this every time but my
face looks so light on camera and it's
not even that light so don't hate on me
but it's really not that light this
sponge is gorgeous it blended out the
foundation so nicely that I have no
complaints I think we got a dupe here
people I think we got to do see like the
shadow I'm have to figure out a way to
bring the lights down okay now let's try
concealer it's probably gonna work out
the same way but you know we like to try
things right I'm just going to dab this
underneath my eyes and we'll see if this
one's out the concealer really well
because I mean the shape of both of them
is the exact same with you know the the
tip on the end yep I love it
I quite possibly won't be purchasing a
beauty blender anymore because I do go
through Beauty blenders I purchase one
um after so long I'll buy a new one just
because I feel like they kind of get
gross after a while but I really feel
like this is an amazing amazing amazing
dupe the texture it's not feeling like
I'm punching myself in the face like the
Sonia Kashuk one it blends like a dream
I got a eyelash in my eye let me finish
up the rest
my face makeup and I'll be back - in
this video about the Beautyblender date
okay so my final review on the Beauty
Blender Duke which is this one is that
it is amazing I highly recommend it if
you have been looking to purchase the
original Beauty Blender I definitely
recommend going and trying this one out
first
it applies basically the exact same way
and I just really really love it so
definitely go check this out again it
comes in a box like this at Marshall's
it says precision blending sponge for a
makeup application and yeah this stuff
is awesome I love it distributed by
swisco maybe you could find that on
Amazon or something but the best do by
far I have ever tried so awesome
basically twins go save yourself $15 and
get you the dupe I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you found it helpful then
please give it a thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and I
will see you all in my next video bye